Hello to you website and soul finder
Rare guest at the studio today
I often read questions on the site in
group crisis and 22
group VKontakte letters even written
why do you spend so little time
the story of sneakers
adidas well i have today's presentation
would like to devote not so much model
crisis shadow 2 how much in principle
modern
adidas so let's say we tell on
periodic about classics some if
she appears and sneakerheads share but
new items while I talk about the beauty of the course and
all the seams themselves understand we see that
model
performed based on the sprint both of you
I do not see the mark now but I see it
also black on black written on
black adverb
sprint legs smelled it first is
It was now painted 3 sold well in
principle their evolution is not that strong
and jarred on
this is for smooth material
about two sheets of paper
which is designed to maximize
weight loss
that's why now adidas hunt
Of course I'm really sorry Derrick Rose
because
get hurt after injury
it's terrible but I certainly hope so
that this will be his last injury in
career but there is also surprising
there is nothing such speeds at what he
moves the joints of a person in
principle can not stand that is he
developing and a joint
titanium it is time to put then they will
as much from women as you are fast
this is my purely individual opinion
who can not listen and company
adidas continues to bend its line and
There should be light Andrew shoes
ring of course speak the most flowers
the best sneakers on earth but
sorry andrew
this is something i have never in my life
I agree you just have to gas
specific it does not mean that she
bad adidas company promotes three
reebok strips that they restored
started to make him happy now on my
look gives more exhaust and more
interest from sneakerheads
with no collectors and so forth therefore
they are now releasing a cube i weeks he and
if not surprised were the relay ware
will appear in huge numbers now and
will start with a poison star but because
completely different , that's what it was then
a completely different need to go further ahead
now we are completely
discuss the sneaker
material you see yes
He basically here due to bending
due to the bending angle it is practically
hard can be considered
but in principle it is a paper component
round shoelaces rather symbolic
because the width of the sneaker is very
low and he sits on his foot by himself
three strips adidas plastic retainer
in the heel area it ends now
I will show about here like new
here ends the plastic retainer and
we can be sure that it is
the only thing holding back leg
basketball player that's plastic
little thing she's kinda relatively
relatively stable of course
a certain ledge but not as noticeable as on
sneakers nike jordan
and so on now I will show here approximately
at the level of the gray part at the gray level
parts insole
that is, the player is at that thickness
must have a feeling card while doing well
there you can go to the grandmother to leave
to desire a better sole area
there is not a coach this is a good sole
resembles nothing despite what the
creators here crater super found creator
from 6 5 7 years old foam is very
soft on makes
a certain area on a pyatkin then
there is practically all gray material
he goes underlay it just at the slave
gum gives a good grip I'm so on
first glance feeling and most importantly not
brandy which means schoolchildren can wear
wear them in gym class I
upset
2 sneakers is still adidas on them
I don’t have to spend much time now
will show you the most important thing here so
It looks inside the shoe that is, he would
didn't hurt that
flywire threads they add 3 grams like
sneaker gum locking tongue
if not even a boot just gum
last century plunge like this
he's inside emptiness
want to hug and cry friends when you
ask why we don't tell in
vidos well because most models
well, about the same as there were five
years ago we are telling crazylight a
because it was a breakthrough we
talk about old models because
This is a classic of this part of the story.
modern adidas models they are very
specific it and friends not
anti-advertising
and not purely individual opinion is
simply
third-party remark and so we are with
pleasure will talk about
sneakers if they fall into our hands
but hunt them to tell
you and share while adidas not
pushing this decision
and with you was impartial serge and
sites of fire
to new meetings